[Music]
[Applause]
hey NPC West Coast Classic here in 2015
here with Sergey constant who is the
Ben's physic overall winner he's from
Spain and he's got an interesting story
how did you come to be competing in this
contest well who was was funny I was
doing a shooting for Muslim Fitness
yesterday in the NGO Jiminy's with a
great photographer for some covers and
some fruits in the magazine and somebody
pushed me to do the show because see me
and told that I was English a for the
show I wasn't asked you to come because
I was shooting for six holes so tired
and so exhausted the diet and the water
and everything so well this morning I
wake up and I feel well and I calm and
I'm so proud of calm and because I enjoy
it so much of today and I'm so happy
because I want my class and the whole
class and the world yes
becoming a dream for me you've been
doing Fitness modeling for a while now
right yeah I'm doing fitness modeling in
the industry of fitness for like three
years now I'm becoming a real popular
boot yeah the most the most the thing is
that I enjoy so much of this I love this
sport and now I'm trying to grow here in
America and be a pro outlet in the
Memphis it division or in the fitness in
the building and in doing the steps for
that because I love this so what's your
next show I don't know yet because I
need to check which is the big step the
things to do for be yeah because you
just decided yesterday to complete this
crazy days here in Los Angeles in around
America because it's a lot of great
opportunities to do a good work so yeah
I mean taking profit of this
opportunities and yeah now I'm so happy
to be here in a West Coast and I go on
the west coast so yeah this is a dream
for me it's something that I could talk
about to forget I thank you so much for
this great show
and yeah I enjoy it so much well thank
you for everything and wedding yeah
thank you so much Oh Serge a West Coast
classic 2015 physique winner
[Music]